How did viewing a diff between two versions 
of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?
;; it was very easy to pinpoint the difference between the 2 files
;; in the new file space was mispelled (spacr)
;; it was easy to correct and continue with the programming

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
;; it looks like nothing gets lost
;; and it is easy to retrieve
;; but people not using the version control will be confused 
   ;;because file names are the same.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing
when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions
automatically saved, like Google docs does?
;; this allows control by the user to choose when a new version is appropriate
;; this avoids having too many changes in too short time
;; this avoids meaningless (typos) changes tracked
;; this avoides having no version control for too long and risking 
   ;; losing info.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
;; files in the directory might be interconnected (like pictures - original and modified, or files with function calls in each other, ... )
;; In this case it makes sense to have version control of these files TOGETHER

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
;; git log gives a full summary of all commits with the message that was
;; entered by the user to indicate the type and content of change
;; git diff identifies more precisely the differences between the 2
;; commits, file by file.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
;; git checkout allows to move from one version to the other very easily
;; and never lose any content from older or newer versions
;; which might have introduced some other unrelated improvements

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
;; I am working on data science and it will be useful for programming and
;; keeping track of changes
;; I might even use it for tracking my files in my work place
